General correction of language, style, and wrong links (#436)
exercism/docs: building/tooling/analyzers/feedback-guidelines.md

The goal of a language track on Exercism is to give people a way to achieve a
high level of [fluency](/docs/using/product/fluency) at a low level of proficiency. We're aiming for fluency

> in the syntax, idioms, and the standard library of the language. Read
> more about the [goal of Exercism here](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/about/goal-of-exercism.md).

Reviewer: This link currently doesn't lead anywhere, see #424. Linking to *getting started* could be a potential fix, or revert these current changes so as to not cause a merge conflict and let the latter PR resolve it.

```suggestion
in the syntax, idioms, and the standard library of the language. Read
more about the [goal of Exercism here](/docs/using/getting-started).
```

Author: Are you sure the getting started page is a valid link for "goal of Exercism"? Also, which changes should I revert to ensure that there isn't a merge conflict?

Reviewer: Not sure if it's "valid" but it's the only page I found that mentions "goal of Exercism" now. 🤷‍♂️ Maybe the team knows a better URL to point to.

As for the conflicts, just notice there won't be one, you're not editing the same files. I thought you were but both files just contain the same paragraph, that's my bad. 👍

Author: Ah, got it.

Reviewer 2: It should probably link here: `https://exercism.org/about/`
